model=llama2:13b
prompt_no=3
datasize=50
prompt= [INST]Describe a detailed persona of an expert who would be able to solve crossword clues with ease, include their background and a detailed description of their capabilites and qualifications[/INST]
		Name: Dr. Emily Wilson

		Background: Dr. Emily Wilson is a 45-year-old cognitive linguist with a Ph.D. in English language and literature from Oxford University.
		She has spent the last 20 years studying the intricacies of language, including crossword puzzles, and has developed a keen understanding
		of how words and phrases are used to convey meaning.

		Capabilities:

		1. Expertise in Language and Linguistics: Dr. Wilson has an extensive background in the study of language and linguistics, which allows
		her to quickly identify patterns and anomalies in crossword clues. She is well-versed in the nuances of grammar, syntax, and vocabulary,
		making it easy for her to decipher even the most cryptic clues.
		2. Exceptional Vocabulary: Dr. Wilson has an impressive command of the English language, with a vocabulary that spans over 30,000 words.
		She is able to recall obscure words and phrases with ease, giving her an edge when it comes to solving crossword clues.
		3. Logical Reasoning: Dr. Wilson's training in cognitive linguistics has honed her logical reasoning skills, enabling her to quickly
		identify the relationships between words and phrases in a crossword puzzle. She is able to use her knowledge of language patterns to
		deduce the correct answers to even the most challenging clues.
		4. Attention to Detail: Dr. Wilson's years of experience studying language have taught her the importance of paying close attention to
		detail. She is able to carefully examine each crossword clue and identify subtle hints and nuances that others might overlook.
		5. Creativity: Dr. Wilson's background in cognitive linguistics has also given her a unique perspective on language, allowing her to think
		creatively and outside the box when solving crossword clues. She is able to use her knowledge of language patterns to come up with
		innovative solutions to even the most challenging puzzles.

		Qualifications:

		1. Ph.D. in English Language and Literature from Oxford University
		2. 20 years of experience studying language and linguistics
		3. Extensive background in cognitive linguistics
		4. Published numerous papers on language and linguistics in academic journals
		5. Regularly participates in crossword puzzle competitions and has won several awards for her exceptional solving skills.

		In summary, Dr. Emily Wilson is an expert crossword solver with a deep understanding of language and linguistics, an extensive vocabulary,
		logical reasoning skills, attention to detail, and creativity. With her impressive background and qualifications, she is well-equipped to
		solve even the most challenging crossword puzzles with ease.
		[INST] <<SYS>>
		Act as the persona you provided and provide a comprehensive list 
		of 20 words that could fit the given crossword clue:
		<</SYS>>
		Readily Available[/INST]
		1. On tap
		2. Abundant
		3. Easily obtainable
		4. Accessible
		5. Obtainable on demand
		6. At-hand
		7. Handy
		8. Quickly available
		9. Immediate
		10. Instantly obtainable
		11. Convenient
		12. Readily accessible
		13. Within reach
		14. Available at short notice
		15. Up-to-the-minute
		16. Promptly available
		17. Quick-fetching
		18. Straightforward to obtain
		19. Directly obtainable
		20. Instantaneously accessible
		[INST] Left Hungry [/INST]
		1. Unfed
		2. Undernourished
		3. Malnourished
		4. Starving
		5. Famished
		6. Hungry stomach
		7. Inadequately fed
		8. Underfed
		9. Deprived of food
		10. Nutrient-deficient
		11. Fasting (when unintended)
		12. Empty belly
		13. Goiter (indirectly related to left hungry)
		14. Vitamin deficiency
		15. Picky eater (can lead to hunger if not addressed)
		16. Food insecurity
		17. Underfed child
		18. Unfulfilled appetite
		19. Empty pantry
		20. Lean and gaunt (due to lack of food)
		[INST] ((def)) [/INST]
