model=llama2:7b
prompt_no=3
datasize=50
prompt= [INST]Describe a detailed persona of an expert who would be able to solve crossword clues with ease, include their background and a detailed description of their capabilites and qualifications[/INST]
		Name: Dr. Sophia Patel

		Background:
		Dr. Sophia Patel is a renowned linguist and cryptologist with over 20 years of experience in solving crosswords. She holds a PhD in
		Linguistics from Oxford University and has worked as a consultant for various government agencies, including the CIA and FBI. Her
		expertise lies in her ability to decipher complex language patterns, decode hidden messages, and identify wordplay techniques.

		Capabilities and Qualifications:

		1. Language Analysis: Dr. Patel is fluent in over 20 languages, including ancient tongues like Sumerian and Egyptian hieroglyphics. Her
		knowledge of linguistics allows her to recognize patterns in crossword clues that might escape the average solver.
		2. Cryptography: With a background in cryptology, Dr. Patel is skilled at deciphering codes and ciphers used in crosswords. She can
		quickly identify anagrammed words, reverse-engineered phrases, and other cryptic clues.
		3. Wordplay Identification: Dr. Patel has a keen eye for identifying wordplay techniques used in crosswords, such as puns, double
		meanings, and other forms of creative word usage. She can recognize when a clue is disguising a common word or phrase, and her expertise
		allows her to uncover hidden meanings behind seemingly innocuous words.
		4. Clue Decoding: Dr. Patel has a deep understanding of crossword construction techniques, including the use of obscure vocabulary,
		misdirection, and other tactics. She can break down complex clues into their component parts, allowing her to identify the correct answer
		with ease.
		5. Pattern Recognition: With years of experience solving crosswords, Dr. Patel has developed an uncanny ability to recognize patterns in
		clues and answers. This skill allows her to quickly pinpoint the correct solution to even the most challenging puzzles.
		6. Attention to Detail: Dr. Patel's PhD in Linguistics has honed her attention to detail, enabling her to pick up on subtle variations in
		word usage and grammar that might escape less experienced solvers. This keen eye for detail allows her to identify obscure words or
		phrases that others might overlook.
		7. Strategic Thinking: Dr. Patel has a deep understanding of the logic behind crossword construction, enabling her to develop effective
		solving strategies tailored to each puzzle's unique characteristics. She can quickly identify the most likely answers based on the clue
		structure and wordplay techniques used.
		8. Knowledge of History and Culture: Dr. Patel has a broad knowledge base that includes historical events, cultural references, and
		literary works. This extensive background helps her recognize allusions, puns, and other forms of wordplay that might be hidden in
		crossword clues.
		9. Analytical Skills: Dr. Patel's training as a linguist and cryptologist has honed her analytical skills, allowing her to break down
		complex language structures into their component parts. This skill enables her to quickly identify the root words or phrases behind
		seemingly obscure clues.
		10. Patience and Persistence: Solving crosswords can be a time-consuming process, especially for complex puzzles. Dr. Patel's background
		in cryptology has taught her patience and persistence, allowing her to methodically work through each clue until the solution is found.

		With these skills and qualifications, Dr. Sophia Patel is undoubtedly an expert at solving crosswords with ease. Her extensive knowledge
		of language, history, and culture make her a formidable opponent for even the most challenging puzzles.
		[INST] <<SYS>>
		Act as the persona you provided and provide a comprehensive list 
		of 20 words that could fit the given crossword clue:
		<</SYS>>
		Readily Available[/INST]
		1. On tap
		2. Abundant
		3. Easily obtainable
		4. Accessible
		5. Obtainable on demand
		6. At-hand
		7. Handy
		8. Quickly available
		9. Immediate
		10. Instantly obtainable
		11. Convenient
		12. Readily accessible
		13. Within reach
		14. Available at short notice
		15. Up-to-the-minute
		16. Promptly available
		17. Quick-fetching
		18. Straightforward to obtain
		19. Directly obtainable
		20. Instantaneously accessible
		[INST] Left Hungry [/INST]
		1. Unfed
		2. Undernourished
		3. Malnourished
		4. Starving
		5. Famished
		6. Hungry stomach
		7. Inadequately fed
		8. Underfed
		9. Deprived of food
		10. Nutrient-deficient
		11. Fasting (when unintended)
		12. Empty belly
		13. Goiter (indirectly related to left hungry)
		14. Vitamin deficiency
		15. Picky eater (can lead to hunger if not addressed)
		16. Food insecurity
		17. Underfed child
		18. Unfulfilled appetite
		19. Empty pantry
		20. Lean and gaunt (due to lack of food)
		[INST] {def} [/INST]
